hey chef Kendra here and today we're
making chicken parmesan now this is a
classic Italian dish but it's so easy to
make and it's tasty
you got kids they would love it alright
let's get to work
okay we have a super-easy tomato sauce
happening here you can find my recipe
for it on my website but you can also
use a store-bought kind whatever you
feeling
we've got Italian bread crumbs panko and
Italian seasoning we're gonna add a
little salt and mix this well add a
little milk to some eggs for our egg
wash and give it a good whisk we have a
couple of chicken breasts that happen
sliced in half and we're going to give
them a little coating the salt then
we're going to dip the chicken pieces in
the Britain and we're ready to go guys
we have a little oil in this pan and
it's set to medium I'm going to saute
our chicken until it's golden brown on
both sides we don't want them too crispy
they should still have a little gear and
give them a little poke remember they
still have to go into the other so we
don't want to overcook them this is the
perfect time to pre-heat your oven to
425 degrees this is one of the best uses
of a chicken breast on the planet I
usually prefer chicken thighs because
they just have more flavor but pounding
or slicing chicken breast then makes
them perfect canvas for our types of
sauces and marinades got to love that
okay guys give me a little poke make
sure we have the right texture we're
going to brush a baking sheet with a
little olive oil and put the chicken on
the top now we're going to add our sauce
want to get some nice coverage on these
chicken breasts by the way this sauce
works great on homemade pizzas I want to
get out of char
now we're going to add cheese here you
can add a type of cheese you want but I
prefer mozzarella and parmesan some
folks prefer Italian blends or provolone
is your kitchen
plating any way you want when I'll slap
these guys in oven for 15 to 20 minutes
okay subscribe like share chef
andrew is out peace
[Music]